tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/upcoming_activity/UpcomingDatabase.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingDatabase
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentBookingBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentBookingBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/new_activity/NewRepository.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewRepository
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewRepository$DeleteAllNewActivitiesExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewRepository$DeleteNewActivityExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewRepository$InsertNewActivityExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewRepository$UpdateNewActivityExecutor
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/auth/UserViewModel.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.auth.UserViewModel
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/new_activity/NewDatabase.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewDatabase
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/AppExecutors.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.AppExecutors
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.AppExecutors$1
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.AppExecutors$MainThreadExecutor
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/main/viewmodel/NewActViewModel.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.viewmodel.NewActViewModel
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/main/MainFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.MainFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/auth/gettingstarted/GetStartedFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.auth.gettingstarted.GetStartedFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/auth/register/RegisterFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.auth.register.RegisterFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/models/ui/NewActivity.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.models.ui.NewActivity
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentGetStartedBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentGetStartedBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/models/User.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.models.User
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/MainActivity.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.MainActivity
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/main/adapter/NewActivityAdapter.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.adapter.NewActivityAdapter
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.adapter.NewActivityAdapter$ViewHolder
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/upcoming_activity/UpcomingRepository.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingRepository
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingRepository$DeleteAllUpcomingActivitiesExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingRepository$DeleteUpcomingActivityExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingRepository$InsertUpcomingActivityExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingRepository$UpdateUpcomingActivityExecutor
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/new_activity/NewDao.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.new_activity.NewDao
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/ui/upcoming_activity/UpcomingDao.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.ui.upcoming_activity.UpcomingDao
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/auth/AuthFragmentBuildersModule.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.auth.AuthFragmentBuildersModule
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/main/viewmodel/UpcomingActViewModel.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.viewmodel.UpcomingActViewModel
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/UserDao.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserDao
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/auth/AuthScope.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.auth.AuthScope
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/UserDatabase.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserDatabase
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserDatabase$1
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserDatabase$PopulateDbExecutor
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/AppComponent.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.AppComponent
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.AppComponent$Builder
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/auth/AuthActivity.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.auth.AuthActivity
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/ActivityAuthBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.ActivityAuthBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/user/UserFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.user.UserFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/BookingFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.BookingFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/main/MainFragmentBuildersModule.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.main.MainFragmentBuildersModule
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/auth/AuthViewModelModule.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.auth.AuthViewModelModule
tech/sutd/pickupgame/viewmodels/ViewModelProviderFactory.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.viewmodels.ViewModelProviderFactory
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/AppModule.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.AppModule
tech/sutd/pickupgame/constant/ClickState.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.constant.ClickState
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.constant.ClickState$State
tech/sutd/pickupgame/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
tech/sutd/pickupgame/di/ActivityBuildersModule.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.di.ActivityBuildersModule
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/auth/login/LoginFragment.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.auth.login.LoginFragment
tech/sutd/pickupgame/data/UserRepository.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserRepository
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserRepository$DeleteAllUsersExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserRepository$DeleteUserExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserRepository$InsertUserExecutor
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.data.UserRepository$UpdateUserExecutor
tech/sutd/pickupgame/SessionManager.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.SessionManager
tech/sutd/pickupgame/models/ui/UpcomingActivity.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.models.ui.UpcomingActivity
tech/sutd/pickupgame/BaseApplication.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.BaseApplication
tech/sutd/pickupgame/ui/main/main/adapter/UpcomingActivityAdapter.java
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.adapter.UpcomingActivityAdapter
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.adapter.UpcomingActivityAdapter$FriendsViewHolder
 tech.sutd.pickupgame.ui.main.main.adapter.UpcomingActivityAdapter$UpcomingActViewHolder
